# FrankO-PWA-Text-Editor
Building a text editor with an existing app for getting and storing data to a indexedDB database
AS A developer
I WANT to create notes or code snippets with or without an internet connection
SO THAT I can reliably retrieve them for later use

As a programmer, I'm going to build an app to create notes or code snippets with or without an internet connection, that i can reliably retrieve for later use. This app is going to be a text editor. When i open the app in my editor, a client server folder structure will appear. After running npm start from the root directory, then my application will start up the backend and serve the client. When running the text editor app from the the terminal, my javascript files will be bundled using webpack. After running my webpack pulgins then I will find that I have a generated HTML file, service worker, and a manifest file. When using next-gen JavaScript in my application, the text editor still functions in the browser without errors. I will then open the text editor and find that IndexedDB has immediately created a database storage. When entering content and click off of the DOM window, the content in the text editor has been saved with IndexedDB. After reopening the text editor after closing it the content in text editor will have been retrieved form our IndexedDb. After I click on the install button i will download my web application as an icon on my desktop. After I load my web app, I should have a registered service worker using workbox.When I register the service worker, my static assets should be pre cached upon loading along with pages and static assets. When deploying to Heroku, I will have a proper build scripts for a webpack app.
